[DOCS] Quick Broken Link Fixes (#2143)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/guides/how_to_guides/miscellaneous/how_to_add_and_test_a_new_sqlalchemydataset_class.rst

   This guide is a working checklist. We improve it each time we add support for a new SQL dialect, but it still has rough edges. And adding support for a new database will probably never be a cookie-cutter operation.

>    If you're interested in extending Great Expectations in this way, please reach out on `Slack <https://join.slack.com/t/greatexpectationstalk/shared_invite/zt-jp597jdc-v1lhqS3CQlZ9Dm2jl28QXQ>`__ in the ``#contributors-contributing`` channel, and we'll work with you to get there.

Reviewer: Would we be able to roll this link back to `greatexpectations.io/slack`? The specific links expire from time to time, that's why we usually use the ge.io/slack link (this way we only update them only in one place)

Reviewer 2: Agreed -- this one shouldn't change...

>    If you're interested in extending Great Expectations in this way, please reach out on `Slack <https://join.slack.com/t/greatexpectationstalk/shared_invite/zt-jp597jdc-v1lhqS3CQlZ9Dm2jl28QXQ>`__ in the ``#contributors-contributing`` channel, and we'll work with you to get there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you're interested in extending Great Expectations in this way, please reach out on `Slack <greatexpectations.io/slack>`__ in the ``#contributors-contributing`` channel, and we'll work with you to get there.
```
